Meeting Minutes, 02/27/2019
---------------------------
Attendees: Steven James McDonald, Sam Fitz, Taylor Ellis, Robbie Tennant, Jason Hong, Alyvia Hildebrand
---------------------------

- Discussed getting floorplan data from OIT
- May be in CAD files which will require conversion to images
- Discussed ability for users to create accounts and store classroom locations for quick access
- Ability to add/remove class
- Creating pathing as a stretch goal
- Using javascript/postgresql for backend and bootstrap/html for frontend
- discussed meta labels (departments, wings, labs, coffee shops, lobbies)
- discussed fucntional requirements
- Using Trello chart for project tracking (like a kanban board)
- Added to Milestone 2
